docs: Provide Docs Feedback & Fix Markdown and Metadata for Consistency (#213)
open-sauced/docs: docs/contributing/introduction-to-contributing.md

These commands use [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) to check and fix the code.

If you forget to run this command, automated PR checks will also run these commands, but the PR will be blocked if there are any errors.

## Pull Requests (PR)

**_We actively welcome your pull requests; however, linking your work to an existing issue is preferred._**

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from the default branch.
2. Name your branch to something descriptive of the work you are doing. i.e., `adds-new-thing` or `fixes-mobile`.
3. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
4. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
5. If you make visual changes, screenshots are required.
6. Ensure the test suite passes.
7. Make sure you address any lint warnings.
8. If you improve the existing code, please let us know in your PR description.

> 9. A PR description and title are required. The title is required to begin with "feat:" or "fix:"
> 10. [Link to an issue](https://help.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/autolinked-references-and-urls) in the project. Unsolicited code is welcomed, but an issue is required to announce your intentions. PRs without a linked issue will be marked invalid and closed.

Author: We might want to say that completing the PR form is required.

```suggestion
9. Completing the PR form is required. Make sure to fill the PR title, description, [link to an issue](https://help.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/autolinked-references-and-urls), and all the necessary areas. 

   - The title is required to begin with "feat:" or "fix:"
   - Unsolicited code is welcomed, but an issue is required to announce your intentions. PRs without a linked issue will be marked invalid and closed.
```

> _**Note for maintainers**: All pull requests need a label to assist automation. See the [template](https://github.com/open-sauced/open-sauced/blob/HEAD/.github/release-drafter.yml) to guide which labels to use._

Author: I've linked this to the new "Adding Issue and PR Labels" section.

### PR Validation

Examples of valid PR titles:

- fix: Correct typo.
- feat: Add support for Node 12.
- refactor!: Drop support for Node 6.

> _**Note**: Since PR titles only have a single line, you have to use the (`!`) syntax for breaking changes._

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/assets/34313413/edba7358-2d9e-43f7-8286-c6f63f5db3c9)
https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/

See [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) for more examples.

> _[3 tips for getting your Pull Request reviewed on GitHub](https://youtu.be/cuMeC-eZJJ4)_

Author: I've restructured this.
